Li Haoran's mother is the anti-thief
My sister is here too
I don't have a daughter like that
He is courting death with the rebel again.
Even Li Haoran didn't expect it.
You trash really dare to come and die
You punk! I don't know what's going on in your head
Just in case our prince catches you
I understand.
Lin Haoran, this waste, knows it's a dead end
Therefore, come to the Holy Venerable Ceremony to introduce the gangster lord
Death at the hands of a prince is not in vain
Is that so?
What did you say before that you want to kill the prince and bury your mother?
Now that was complete bragging.
Hahahaha
Lin Haoran, your waste abacus is really loud
But you're wrong.
You don't even have the qualifications to enter the Holy Venerable Ceremony
Admission tickets are required for the Holy Venerable Ceremony
It took me 5 billion to see it up close
In addition to that
Even the outermost viewing requires sky-high prices
Can you afford it, you trash?
Funny!
You are not even qualified to beg for death now
Waste is waste